Halloween is the second highest grossing commercial holiday after Christmas
The first Jack O’Lanterns were actually made from turnips.
The word “witch” comes from the Old English wicce, meaning “wise woman.”
Samhainophobia is the fear of Halloween.
The world record of the largest pumpkin was achieved in 1993 with a 836 lb. pumpkin.
The first known mention of trick-or-treating in NA occurred in 1927 in Canada.
Ireland is typically believed to be the birthplace of Halloween.
Scarecrows, a popular Halloween fixture, symbolize the ancient agricultural roots of the holiday.
Halloween has variously been called All Hallows’ Eve, Witches Night, Lamswool, and Summer’s End.
According to tradition, if a person wears his or her clothes inside out and then walks backwards on Halloween, he or she will see a witch at midnight.
In many countries, such as France and Australia, Halloween is seen as an unwanted and overly commercial American influence.
Children are more than twice as likely to be killed in a pedestrian/car accident on Halloween than on any other night.
Both Salem, Massachusetts, and Anoka, Minnesota, are the self-proclaimed Halloween capitals of the world.
Boston, Massachusetts, holds the record for the most Jack O’Lanterns lit at once (30,128).
Comedian John Evans once quipped: “What do you get if you divide the circumference of a jack-o’-lantern by its diameter? Pumpkin π.”
The Village Halloween parade in New York City is the largest Halloween parade in the United States. The parade includes 50,000 participants and draws over 2 million spectators.
Only 6 states produce a majority of the holiday's pumpkins.
People used to dance and sing for treats.
Candy corn is one of the holiday's most-produced candies and was originally known as "chicken feed".
The night before Halloween is "Cabbage Night" to New Englanders.
Ohio is home to the world's longest haunted house.
Halloween tops Valentine's Day in candy sales.
In the Isle of Man, Hop tu naa is the celtic festival celebrated on 31st October and is said to be the oldest unbroken tradition on the island.
If you'd been around for the earliest Halloween celebrations, you might have worn animal skins and heads.
Originally, you had to dance for your "treat."
The Village Halloween parade in New York City is the largest Halloween parade in the United States. The parade includes 50,000 participants and draws over 2 million spectators.
Halloween is a contraction of "All Hallows' Eve". 
Trick-or-treating evolved from the ancient Celtic tradition of putting out treats and food to placate spirits who roamed the streets at Samhain, a sacred festival that marked the end of the Celtic calendar year.
Dressing up as ghouls and other spooks originated from the ancient Celtic tradition of townspeople disguising themselves as demons and spirits. They believed that disguising themselves this way would allow them to escape the notice of the real spirits wandering the streets during Samhain.
A full moon on Halloween is extremely rare, most recent one being in 2001, and before that in 1955.
Black cats, spiders, and bats are all Halloween symbols because of their spooky history and ties to Wiccans.
